lab2/README.md, before:

### Courteney

In Lab 2, we were assigned to make a website with Amendments I-X and Articles I-VII. We were also told to analyze each amendment and article using our own opinions. I worked on Articles 1 and 5 and Amendments 2-6. I also worked on the HTML and CSS formatting for the Amendments and Articles page. I got stuck with the formatting specifically trying to align the analysis with each amendment/article. To troubleshoot this problem, I did some reasearch and found the grid module which helped me align these text boxes.

### Priscilla

In this lab, I worked on the analysis of Articles 3 and 7, and the analysis of the Fourth and Eighth Amendments. I also worked on the HTML and CSS for the History page after designing the wireframes on Figma as a group. I did not encounter any issues when creating the History page for this lab. It served as a good review for me as I was able to practice sizing images and aligning text to the center of the page.

### Cited Sources

https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_grid.asp

Commit message:

added opinions to article 4, amd 1,5,9

lab2/README.md, after:

### Courteney

In Lab 2, we were assigned to make a website with Amendments I-X and Articles I-VII. We were also told to analyze each amendment and article using our own opinions. I worked on Articles 1 and 5 and Amendments 2-6. I also worked on the HTML and CSS formatting for the Amendments and Articles page. I got stuck with the formatting specifically trying to align the analysis with each amendment/article. To troubleshoot this problem, I did some reasearch and found the grid module which helped me align these text boxes.

### Priscilla

In this lab, I worked on the analysis of Articles 3 and 7, and the analysis of the Fourth and Eighth Amendments. I also worked on the HTML and CSS for the History page after designing the wireframes on Figma as a group. I did not encounter any issues when creating the History page for this lab. It served as a good review for me as I was able to practice sizing images and aligning text to the center of the page.

### Dana
For this lab, I analyzed Article 4, Amendment 1, 5, 9, and the History section of the Constitution. As a team, we worked together to plan the website design on Figma and then
sectioned out the work between the four of us. I enjoyed researching the Constitution's history and I realized how much of the history I forgot from several years ago. I also
liked that I could add my own opinions to the analysis. Overall, this lab was fun to design and learn about.

### Cited Sources

https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_grid.asp
